# VeChain General Grant Application Template

## Project Overview 

- Project: DynamicEDI
- Team Name: AerodynamicData 
- Payment Address: USDT (ERC 20) payment address. We don't accept payments for the program in other currencies at this stage.

> ⚠️ *The combination of your GitHub account submitting the application and the payment address above will be your unique identifier during the program. Please keep them safe.*

### Overview

Please provide the following:
DynamicEDI is a blockchain EDI(Electronic Data Interchange)  system focused on automating data exchange between business partners.  The app itself will 
integrate with multiple different EDI platforms (Intial platforms include Quantum Control(Oracle), Avsight(Salesforce) and Pentagon(MS-SQL) allowing 
data to be exchanged between business partners regardless of ERP software used.  

This project was born out of my 15 years of experiences as an ERP consultant in the aerospace industry. Many companies have the same issues with data 
and yet do not have any easy way of exchanging the data they need.  Most companies are still doing this manually over phone and email.  Most EDI vendors 
only support large companies leaving small to medium sized business to fend for themselves.  We will focus primarily on small-medium sized businesses 
first.

The app will integrate VIP191 fee delegation to eliminate the need for users to own any crypto themselves.   Transaction costs will be billed 
to customer on a monthly basis via smart contract integration. VIP192 will be used to identification and authentication purpoes.   And 
VIP181 will be used for a future feature for Overhaul and Manufacturing certifications generated by vendors and to meet regulatory compliance needs. 


- A brief description of the project.
- An indication of why your team is interested in creating this project within the VeChain Ecosystem.
- If relevant, an indication of how you will integrate tools and features (e.g., Sync2/Connex, fee delegation protocols, MTT, etc) to enhance your project. 

### Project Details

Project is primarily based on Python, Django and Postgres.  Other technologies being used include Go, C#, Docker, Javascript,  
VMWare, IPFS, Truenas, and Cloudflare. 

We expect the teams to already have a solid idea about the project's expected final state.
Therefore, we ask the teams to submit (where relevant):
- Mockups/designs of any UI components
- API specifications of the core functionality
- An overview of the technology stack to be used
- Documentation of core components, protocols, architecture, etc. to be deployed
- PoC/MVP or other relevant prior work or research on the topic

### Ecosystem Fit
Are there any other projects similar to yours? If so, how is your project different?

## Team 

### Team members

- Ryan Realivasquez (Founder, Full stack Development) 
- Matt Haydon (Cofounder, Web Development, Marketing ) 
- Genaro Coronel (Full-Stack Development) 
- Pietro Race (Advisor) 

### Team Website

- https://getdynamic.app
### Team's experience

Please describe the team's relevant experience. If the project involves development work, then we'd appreciated it if you can single out a few interesting codes commits made by team members on their past projects. 

Ryan Realivasquez is the primary founder of DynamicsEDI.  He brings to the table over 15 years of consulting experience delivering implementations and support of ERP systems 
in the aerospace industry.  It is during this time consulting that he developed the idea of bringing to market a simplified EDI system on blockchain technology. While EDI systems already exist DynamicEDI is born out of listening to users of these existing systems and their needs and interests.  Privacy.  Simplicity. Cost.    Ryan launched 
development of the app, has researched and defined the infrastructure technologies to be used, defined the features and product roadmap, and has been self funding  the 
engagement of professional developers to code things  that he does not have the time or experience to code himself.  

Matt Haydon is a cofounder of DynamicsEDI.  He has past experience launchingg several smalls businesses and is an influencer within the blockchain space operating successful 
social media communities.   Matt is also contributing to development of our app by focusing on designing and building the UX in our interfaces as well as planning and 
when it is time executing on our web marketing plan.  

Genaro Coronel is our principal developer. He has added several major features to the infrastructure of our app and will be our primary smart contract 
developer as well. He is responsible for coding our IPFS-Cluster storage backend, Dockerizing the infrastructure, and connecting the app to the Vechain  
network.   

Pietro Race is an advisor who has been working with us to help ensure development meets client's requirements.   Pietro has over 20 years working in the Aviation Industry as a software consultant and currently operates the leading consultancy in the aviation industry for ERP Integrations and Operations consulting. We fully intend to leverage his relationships in expanding our reach. 



### Team Code Repos

- https://github.com/<your_repo_1>
- https://github.com/<your_repo_2>

### Team LinkedIn Profiles

- https://www.linkedin.com/<person_1>
- https://www.linkedin.com/<person_2>

## Development Roadmap 

This section should break out the development roadmap into a number of milestones. Since the milestones will appear in the grant contract, it helps to describe the functionality we should expect, plus how we can check that such functionality exists in the product. Whenever milestones are delivered, we refer to the contract to ensure that everything has been delivered as expected.

Below we provide an <b>example roadmap</b>. For each milestone:

- Please indicate the milestone duration, workload in terms of full-time equivalent (FTE) and cost. 
- Please be sure to include a specification of the software. The level of details must be high enough so that we are able to verify that the software meets the specification.
- Please note that we require documentation (e.g. tutorials, API specifications, architecture details) in each milestone. This ensures that the code can be widely used by the community.
- Please provide a test suite, comprising unit and integration tests, along with a guide on how to run these.
- Please commit to providing dockerfiles for the delivery of your project.


### Example Roadmap for a dApp Application

#### Overview

|  | Milestone 1 | Milestone 2 | Milestone 3 | Milestone 4 | Total |
| - | - |- | - | - | - |
| Estimated Duration | Completed | 30 d | 30 d | 30 d | 60 d |
| Full-time equivalent (FTE) | 2 | 1 | 3 | 3 | 3 |
| Cost (up to $ 30,000) | $ 5,000 | $ 10,000 | $ 10,000| $5,000| $ 30,000|

#### Milestone 1 — Infrastructure, Backend, WebApp,  Website  

This first milestone represents work in-progress or already completed.  We ask the foundation to please review our submitted work, validate completion of this 1st milestone, and deliver payment upon validation.   This will enable us to launch and move forward on completion of the remaining milestones.  

| 1a. | Infrastructure  | We are asking for assistance with the first year of infrastructure service costs.   This includes a primary and backup VPS service each operating Vechain testnet and mainnet nodes, storage services for the network, and data backups.  It also includes ISP, Zoom, Cloudflare, and primary website hosting services. In addition we have in place enterprise class on-prem servers (Supermicro) for development, testing, and production storage needs.  Our internal development network and phone systems are powered by Ubiquiti.    We have in place the tools and infrastructure necessary for the initial stage of rapid growth. 
ISP Costs - Synchronous Gigabit Internet $150 per month 
VPS Costs -  2 VPS Servers @ $50 each per month.  
Hosting Fees - $25 Per Month
Zoom - $200 per year 
OV Wildcard SSL Cert - $200 per year 
| 1b. | Backend  |  Our app is fully dockerized and ready for rapid stand alone deployment.   Each major function is in its own container that can be managed separately.  Containers include the ipfs daemon, a separate container for IPFS Cluster nodes, Postgres, Database Listener/Message Broker, and the web app itself.  
| 1c. | WebApp   |  Users will be able to login and access the webapp. The app itself focuses on showing the activity of data being exchanged.   Users are able to see 
messages queued, sent, and received.  They are also able to create new customer relationships as well as manually send messages.   
| 1d. | Website  |  Our primary website is built and launched showing an explanation of our app, key details about us, and offers users the ability to request a demo.  


#### Milestone 2  —  On-Prem Data Broker, Initial Data Scripts, ERP Integration  
| 2a. | On-Prem Data Broker | This is a separate desktop app/service designed to be running on-prem as a service that manages the connection directly to the database.  This ensures that this service is inside any permiter security and can be isolated for protection. It will connect to the webapp via a whitelisted SSL connection and requiring a preshared key and token which can be generated in the webapp. This app will act as the conduit for managing data integration scripts, defining field mapping, encryption and decryption, and any local storage of data. 
| 2b. | Integration Scripts | The first integration scripts will be generated for this milestone.  These scripts will manage the import, export, and translation of data.  Initial operations to be covered include Shipping Notifications, Shipping Detail, Work Order Update, Sales Delivery Date Change, Payment Generated Alert. 
| 2c. |  ERP Integration | The initial integrations will be for Oracle databases as well as connecting via the ODBC interface. This connection will all for connecting the specified server and database and will facilitate the data IO operations.   




#### Milestone 3  —  Smart Contract 

| 2. | Smart Contracts | This milestone focuses on the creation and impplementation of the smart contract that will drive our services.    

#### Milestone 4  —  I/O Script & ERP Integration Expansion, Documentation 

| 4a. | Data Import Export Scripts - We will expand the range of standard data scripts that we will support for each ERP integration.   
| 4b. | Additional ERP Integrations - We will expand our connection options to include a Microsoft SQL Server integration with Pentagon2000 ERP 
and a Salesforce Lightning integration with Avsight ERP.  All standard data import export scripts will be built for each specific ERP system to 
simplify and accelerate integration.  
| 4c. | Documentation | We will generate a full suite of documentation that details the process for setup, configuration, integration, and use of the software. We also intend to generate Youtube videos showing a walk through of the software and a demonstration of key processes.   
| 4d. | Transactional Support   |  We request the sponsoring of 100,000 VTHO.  These tokens will be used specifically for on-chain transactions by the webapp. 
With this support it will enable us to offer new customers an initial amount of free transactions to enable experience with the software and hopefully increase traction at no cost to the customer. 



#### Community engagement
Medium Article - We will produce an article and publish it in Medium describing our app and its development as part of the program.   
Discord Server - We will be setting up and operating a discord server for hosting discussion of the app and its functionality. 
LinkedIN -   We will be using LinkedIN to reach out to our existing contact networks to share this tool once its core functionality is functioning 100%. 
Tradeshows - As we gain traction we are prepared to attend and present at industry tradeshows for our targeted verticals.   
Community Events - We are active in the blockchain and startup communities in the greater Los Angeles region.  We intend to openly 
discuss our app at various networking events.    


## Future Plans

The intention of our team is to use this grant to complete the buildout of our project and if we can gain traction continue developing the 
software, add new features, increase the number of ERP integrations and build out a network of companies using this tool.  My focus is primarily on the 
aerospace vertical as that is my primary experience and where most of my contacts are.  But I do have contacts in the aftermarket automotive parts 
vertical, as well as pharmaceutical & medical device verticals to expand the network into those verticals as well.  

We view our tool as a data gateway for helping companies access new Web3/Defi technologies using their existing business 
management solutions.  We see many opportunties for expansion of managing the data the exchange of data between companies. 
We will expand our data offerings in areas of transactional data, audit controls, accounting/financial controls, and digital 
certification validation.  We also intend for this company to be global in scale by serving and supporting B2B relationships 
overseas and across borders.  

Long term client expansion plans are focused on growth via customer word  of mouth, native integration with ERP software providers, 
and developing a network of IT firms, software consultants, and integrators who will be compensated for all transactions their 
integrations generate.   

The goal always being: more valuable transactions.  


## Additional Information 

Any additional information that you think is relevant to this application that hasn't already been included.

Possible additional information to include:

- What work has been done so far?
- Are there any teams who have already contributed (financially) to the project?
- Have you applied for other grants so far?

Our app is entirely self funded and so far represents several years of discussion with clients, planning, design, and development work 
to find a way to better meet our clients needs at lower price point than incumbent players utilizing other technologies.  Vechain's platform 
combined with other technologies meet those requirements.  This is our first grant application.  Our sincere goal here is to build this app 
as a bridge to blockchain technologies from existing on-prem and cloud technologies.  

